may only happen a few times in your life
home once you always remember it because
it was there and you let it go and you
think to yourself what if I had stopped
[Music]
no bills off the bottom of the drawer
please do your first time being around
doing great thank you nice day
you too thank you flooded it get out of
car sir you're the reason my friend that
I don't keep all my money in the bank
you surprised with all you can get ask
for it the right way it's okay with a
good gun just a girl what you do for a
living you back shotgun I'm a federal
marshal and you're under arrest
I'm in let's go hey you company you have
got to be kidding
you be a good girl now I'm gonna open up
the door you want to sit down and have
cocktails with a woman who tried to
shoot you
there's an unusual experience me Oh what
one last score retired US an island is
that the idea
partial amount myself if you like island
pick an island not exactly 9:00 to 5:00
time who is happy birthday oh my god
it's beautiful thanks dad
man let me help you with these now I
didn't ask for your help
so don't expect a tip oh that's okay man
I'll just take your car
Wow vertically-integrated myself right
now I'm into the occasional grand
larceny home invasion huh
you waved at you and swear to it but I'm
pretty sure you did
did you wave back she's our shooting man
down dick they try and open up the safe
now your maid
wear one of these I don't ski I'm a
federal officer I can handle myself to
tussle we tussled whoops damn it you
wouldn't do that oh why not cuz you're
having too much fun
[Music]